# 1.5 Reflections
##How does tracking and adding changes make developers' lives easier?
Tracking and adding changes will definitely make a developers life much easier just as how the ability for an author to save a word doc for their book will make the their life easier. A certain make take quite some time, with a sizeable amout of people working at it at the same time. By tracking and adding changes, a developer can not only see the progress that is being made but also can go back if some new changes do not fit. Although saving a word doc is a quite similar to the ability of a commit, the ability of a commit is a bit more thorough since it not only has the ability to take snapshots (save) but also allows the user to go back to them at any point.
###What is a commit?
Commit, or the command git commit is a command that allows you to record a snapshot of the staging area. You can take as much "snapshots" as you like, as well as go back to them at any point you'd like. You can also see a file's entire history of commits with the command git log.
####What are the best practices for commit messages?
The best practices for a good commit message is to write your message in the imperative, this convention is alligned with commit messages generated by commands. A good commit message should also be capitalized and short, but may detailed (if necessary). It should be about 72 characters or so with the first line treated as if it were the subject line of an email.
#####What does the HEAD^ argument mean?
HEAD^ argument means the first parent of the tip of the first branch.
######What are the 3 stages of a git change and how do you move a file from one stage to the other?
The three stages that your Git files can be in are , committed, modified, and stage. If a file is in the committed stage is means that the data is safely stored within your local stabase. The modified stage means that you have changed the file but have not committed it to your database just yet. and lastly staged means that you have marked the modified file to fo into your next commit snapshot.
######Write a handy cheatsheet of the commands you need to commit your changes?
git config -- global user.name 'name'
git config --global user.email 'email'
git add <filename>
git status
git commit -m 'write msg here'
git commit -v
######What is a pull request and how do you create and merge one?
A pull request is a way to let others know about changes you've pushed into the GitHub repository. It allows other to review the set of changes, discuss the potential changes, possible make more changes, or merge it through with the master branch.
You can create a pull request by first pushing the branch to GitHub. You can do so with the following command
$ git push origin new-branch-name
After you have pushed your changes to GitHUb, visit our repository of GitHUb. There you will see a "compare and pull request" button. CLick the button and it will take you to an "Open a pull request" page. FIll in the title and description, both should describe the changes made, the latter a bit more in detail. Then click the "Create pull request" button.
To merge changes all you must do is hit the "Merge pull request" button. This button appears on the "Conversation" tab of your pull request. It will ask you to confirm and then you're done! However you can also clean up by deleting the feature branch. Since it has been merged with the master branch, the feauture branch is no longer needed.
Why are pull requests preferred when working with teams?
Pull requests are preferred when working with teams because it allows team members to see the changes that one team member has made. As well as allow them to discuss the changes or modify them as needed. Finally if the chnages are given a "pass" by them team a pull request can easily be merged with the master branch, allowing seamless intergration and more efficiency.